samosa	samoa
chutney	chutneys
awesome 3	amazing
fantastic 2	amazing
delightful 2	appealing
fragrant 2	aromatic
smelly 2	aromatic
breads 3	bread
buddah 3	buddha
buddist 2	buddhism
buffett 2	buffet
smorgasbord 2	buffet
party 16	celebration
celebrate 2	celebration
ceremonial 2	ceremony
chilly 2	chili
varied 9	choices
selection 3	choices
options 3	choices
choice 2	choices
varieties 2	choices
multiple 2	choices
colors 2	color
colourful 4	colorful
vibrant 3	colorful
complicated 2	complex
crunchy 2	crispy
cusine 2	cuisine
cultural 14	culture
cultured 5	culture
curries 4	curry
cury 2	curry
yummy 12	delicious
scrumptious 3	delicious
sumptuous 3	delicious
delicacy 2	delicious
delecious 2	delicious
delicacies 2	delicious
dip 2	dips
plates	dish
bowls 16	dish
plate 3	dishes
dish 2	dishes
servings 2	dishes
dumplings	dumpling
tempting 4	enticing
appealing 4	enticing
inviting 4	enticing
tantalizing 3	enticing
enjoyable 1	enticing
great 2	excellent
lavish 3	extravagant
gluttony 2	extravagant
opulent 2	extravagant
intense 2	extreme
gluttonous 2	fattening
festive 14	festival
festivity 3	festival
hearty 4	filling
satisfying 3	filling
full 2	filling
foods 18	food
ganesh 39	ganesha
vinayaga 5	ganesha
lord ganesha 5	ganesha
lord ganesh 4	ganesha
ganapathi 4	ganesha
vinayagar 4	ganesha
lord 10	god
gods 5	god
diety 5	god
deity 4	god
golden 6	gold
alwa 2	halwa
hinduism 6	hindu
warm 3	hot
indian	india
indian cuisine 8	indian food
fascinating 2	interesting
intriguing 2	interesting
vast 6	large
huge 4	large
massive 4	large
array 3	large
meals	meal
nan 3	naan
lovely 4	nice
excellent 2	nice
weird 2	odd
offerings 21	offering
tribute 2	offering
offer 2	offering
eastern 6	oriental
extreme 2	overwhelming
plates	plate
abundant 9	plentiful
bountiful 9	plentiful
bounty 4	plentiful
abundance 2	plentiful
puja 3	pooja
pray 3	prayer
praise 2	prayer
devotion 2	prayer
prayers 2	prayer
reds 2	red
religious 30	religion
spiritual 5	religion
religous 2	religion
royalty 2	royal
holy 3	sacred
sacrificial 2	sacrifice
smaosa 1	samosa
samosas 10	samosa
somasa 3	samosa
sauces 33	sauce
saucy 5	sauce
soups 4	soup
soupy 2	soup
seasoning 3	spices
spicey 7	spicy
mystical 2	spiritual
sculpture 3	statue
flavorful 18	tasty
rich 13	tasty
appetizing 9	tasty
enticing 4	tasty
taste 2	tasty
thailand 2	thai
things 2	thing
tomatoes 4	tomato
tradition 14	traditional
native 3	traditional
heritage 2	traditional
diverse 8	varied
assortment 6	varied
many 3	varied
various 2	varied
assorted 2	varied
extensive 2	varied
plethora 2	varied
vinayakar 3	vinayagar
vinayaka 2	vinayagar
yum 4	yummy
